Adding costing options for pressure or gravity GAC contactors (#960)
watertap-org/watertap: docs/technical_reference/unit_models/gac.rst

   "GAC concrete gravity contactor polynomial energy consumption coefficient 1", ":math:`\alpha_{g1}`", "grav_energy_coeff_1", "0.132403", ":math:`kW/m^3`"
   "GAC concrete gravity contactor polynomial energy consumption coefficient 2", ":math:`\alpha_{g2}`", "grav_energy_coeff_2", "-1.41512e-5", ":math:`kW/\left( m^3 \right)^2`"

Variables with the (U.S. EPA, 2021) citation are directly taken from previously determined expressions. Other variables
are regressed from higher detailed costing methods in (U.S. EPA, 2021).

Costing GAC contactors is defaulted to purchasing 1 operational and 1 redundant contactor for alternating operation. For large systems this may be a poor
assumption considering vessel sizing and achieving pseudo-steady state.  The number of contactors input by the user should justify reasonable
(commercially available) dimensions of identical modular contactors in parallel. When costing several operational vessels, the area reported
in the unit model should be interpreted as the sum of the areas across all operating GAC contactors. The costing
parameters may be selected from either steel pressure-fed vessels or concrete gravity-fed basins by the

> ``surface_diffusion_coefficient_type`` argument. Note this only effects costing calculations are volume dimensions
> within the model are only calculated assuming a cylindrical bed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``surface_diffusion_coefficient_type`` argument. Note this only affects costing calculations and volume dimensions
within the model are only calculated assuming a cylindrical bed.
```
Everything LGTM, just a small grammatical issue here
